welcome
last but not least, the press conference has receded and very much in the
Novotel for the last
to last press conference
have today
meet us on the occasion of the away game away at VfL Wolfsburg for
the Danish league
There was something in Duisburg a few years ago
the US offered Egypt and then a rentable one
Mark I put the same around the only one in the house of
«I Thiesen spo2 corresponds to these documents year
around and directly the question
Answer No.
he has already reached the 40 points
what do you want now
in Wolfsburg
this is clear with 40 points
in the quarterfinals
m, however, would be
take every game Norman Borlaug win every game
shape successfully
The offers under the seabed is also due to our good game
to deliver if possible also directly in the
Table is due to lead them
the guests then played
Support from the ranks come
the support of the reference list
that's me personally per cent too so that actually always stop the same »
drove and the major doses should Hansa Studios Europeans in the
Responsibility will take over the coach and we are always ready
Sample rooms to deliver good game
Market has not been able to join him in team training the week
integrate
Therefore, the question does not arise yes it secures the percent Germany
it should be good now
six weeks
from the training company Bornheim
if possible Robert is thinking should you have a week
have trained that is not the case
yes an exciting situation is always dangerous Mr. Linder it was
Already exciting a the warnings of the Germans can save
it is about we have been curious also was one noticed that percent at
the end of the team is up to now
Madness IT worked well again and again with this pressure around the and
you can tell that
Percent have with one or the other players already
Also, what percentage of the battery is that that really a bit
becomes more
Nevertheless, I always warned against saying now
this comfortable starting position
is all the final step that's just not it
to the crew shows me cleaning up in the last
Biden by units
that she accepts it that way and I think percent anyway athletic
Claimed we wanted
make a big game in the end also the many
Ferencz to be there
Satisfied satisfied hopes to send on the trip home so I go
So I send the team after all in a match percent with the default
really to deliver and great games percent
We then always designed the results in such a way that you can handle them as well
Could live
I relax around rooms
we have to be highly concentrated
Yes but
and basically always new relaxation must by EHEC
when playing soccer normally hearing cramped game or anxious
then this is flawed and mostly not hit percent topped